TINY-6570: Fixed some memory leaks that prevented editor instances being garbage collected (#6135)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/changelog.txt

    Fixed font size keywords such as `medium` not displaying correctly in font size menus #TINY-6291
    Fixed an issue where some attributes in table cells were not copied over to new rows or columns #TINY-6485
    Fixed some incorrect types in the new TypeScript declaration file #TINY-6413

>     Fixed some minor memory leaks that prevented editor instances being garbage collected #TINY-6570

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fixed some minor memory leaks that prevented garbage collection for editor instances #TINY-6570
```

Author: Thanks again!
